Added GeyserFloatingPoints to FAQ (#92)
GeyserMC/GeyserWebsite: wiki/geyser/faq.mdx

    <Q>
        Sometimes, when I go really far out, the world starts to experience very odd visual bugs...
        <A>

>             This is a Bedrock client issue caused by Bedrock being 32-bit and Java being 64-bit. For more information read [here](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Bedrock_Edition_distance_effects). This can be workaround using an [unofficial extension](https://github.com/oryxel1/GeyserFloatingPoints) by spoofing your position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            This is a Bedrock client issue caused by Bedrock being 32-bit and Java being 64-bit. For more information read [here](https://minecraft.wiki/w/Bedrock_Edition_distance_effects). This can be worked around using an [unofficial Geyser extension](https://github.com/oryxel1/GeyserFloatingPoints) that spoofs the player position.
```
